Solution:- Purpose of Declaring Variables in JavaScript:

he purpose of declaring variables in JavaScript is to reserve a memory location for storing data values that can be used throughout a program. Variables act as placeholders for data, making it easier to work with and manipulate information in your code. Declaring variables allows you to:

1.Store Data:- Variables can store various types of data, such as numbers, text, and objects.
2.Manipulate Data:- You can perform operations on the data stored in variables, such as calculations, concatenations, and comparisons.
3.Reuse Data:- Variables enable you to reuse values at different points in your code, reducing redundancy.
4. Control Flow:- Variables can be used to control the flow of your program through conditions and loops.

Declaring Variables using the 'let' Keyword:


In JavaScript, you can declare variables using the 'let' keywordG Here's the basic syntax for declaring a variable:
let: This keyword indicates that you are declaring a variable.
variableName: Replace this with the name you want to give to your variable.
It should follow JavaScript's
variable naming rules, such as starting with a letter, using letters, numbers, or underscores, and being case-sensitive.

Example of declaring and initializing a variable:
// Declaration and initialization of a variable using let
let greeting = "Hello, World!";
var age = 25;

// Using the previously declared variables
console.log(greeting); // Output: Hello, World!
console.log(pi);       // Output: 3.14
console.log(age);      // Output: 25


You can also declare and initialize a variable in a single line:
// Declaration and initialization of a variable in a single line using let
let greeting = "Hello, World!";
let name = "mrcs";

It's important to note that 'let' variables have block scope, which means they are limited to the block or function in which they are declared. This scope behavior helps prevent unintended variable name conflicts and is part of JavaScript's ES6 (ECMAScript 2015) language specification.